Expt. No: 01
Q1. Perform the following operations using Python on the data sets
a. Create data subsets
b. Merge Data


Expt. No: 02
Q2. Perform the following operations using Python on the data sets
a. Sort Data
b Transposing Data
c. Shape and reshape Data


Expt. No: 03
Q3. Perform the Data cleaning operations using Python on the data sets
a. Stop word remove
b. Lemmatisation
c. Steaming



Expt. No: 04
Q4. Visualize the data using Python libraries matplotlib by plotting the graphs
a. Line Plot
b. Bar Plot
c. Pi Plot


Expt. No: 05
Q5. Visualize the data using Python libraries seaborn by plotting the graphs
a. Line Plot
b. Bar Plot
c. Scatter Plot


Expt. No: 06
Q6. Perform the following data visualization operations using Tableau Public.
a. Data Visualization using Donet Chart
b. Data visualization using Bubble Chart


Expt. No: 07
Q7. Create a review scrapper for www.amazon.com / www.flipcart.com ecommerce website to fetch real time data 
using Python and generate the CSV file.


Expt. No: 08
Q8. Develop a predictive data model of “House Prize Prediction” Use Simple Linear Regression Model OR Logistic Regression Model 
OR SVM OR KNN to calculate % Prediction accuracy.



Expt. No: 09
Q9. Perform Single node/Multiple node Hadoop Installation on Linux OS. Show all running demons.


Expt. No: 10
Q10. Perform the following operations using HiveQL for
a. Creating an external Hive table.


Expt. No: 11
Q11. Design a JAVA distributed application using MapReduce under Hadoop system for counting no. of occurrences
of every word in a given text file using Eclipse.


Expt. No: 12
Q12. Perform the Operation with missing value using Python on the data sets
a. Filling the Missing Values – Imputation
b. Imputation with an additional column
c. Filling with a Regression Model


Expt. No: 13
Q13. Develop a predictive data model of “Stock Prize Prediction” Use Simple Linear Regression Model 
OR Logistic Regression Model OR SVM OR KNN to predict prize after 25 days.




Expt. No: 14
Q14. Perform the Sentiment analysis using Python. Print polarity and subjectivity of the following sentence.
a. “The Food at Radison was awesome”
b. “The Food at Radison was very good”


Expt. No: 15
Q15. Perform the following data visualization operations using Tableau Public.
a. Data Visualization using Heatmap Chart
b. Data visualization using Bubble Chart
